Create a 3+ years flag game in the same style as the other games in the app.

Game concept:
The child sees a country name at the top of the screen, and also hears the country name spoken aloud in the currently selected app language. At the bottom of the screen, show 2 flag options from the available flag selection. The child must tap the correct flag that matches the country name.

Core gameplay:

Show the country name in text at the top.

Automatically play the country name as audio in the currently selected language.

At the bottom, display 2 large flag choices.

One flag is correct, one is incorrect.

The child taps the correct flag.

On success, show warm, encouraging feedback and move to the next round.

On an incorrect choice, give gentle feedback and allow another try.

Language behavior:

The country name text and audio must follow the language currently selected in the app.

If the app language changes, the text and audio in this game should also change.

Keep the flag image itself the same, only localize the country name and pronunciation.

Support multilingual playback cleanly and consistently.

Difficulty for 3+ years:

Use only 2 choices per round.

Start with highly visually distinct flags.

Keep the interaction simple, clear, and confidence-building.

Do not make it feel like a quiz for older children.

No timer, no score pressure, no penalties.

UI layout:

Top area: country name text and optional replay-audio button.

Bottom area: 2 large flag cards side by side or stacked responsively on small screens.

Large touch targets for young children.

Clear spacing and uncluttered layout.

Audio behavior:

Play the country name once automatically when the round starts.

Include a replay button so the child or parent can hear it again.

Use the same app language selection logic already used elsewhere in the product.

Content and data model:

Each flag item should support:
```js
{
id: "fr",
flagImage: "...",
names: {
en: "France",
fr: "France",
hu: "Franciaország",
nl: "Frankrijk"
},
audio: {
en: "...",
fr: "...",
hu: "...",
nl: "..."
}
}
```

The game should read from the currently selected language and use the matching localized text and audio.

Style requirements:

Match the same visual language as the rest of the app.

Keep it soft, playful, calm, and child-friendly.

Use the same spacing, cards, buttons, and feedback patterns as the other games.

Make it work well on mobile and tablet.

Feedback requirements:

Correct answer: gentle celebration, warm sound, positive transition.

Incorrect answer: soft retry state, no harsh sounds, no penalty.

Nice-to-have:

Randomize which side the correct flag appears on.

Reuse the existing flag assets and language system already in the app.

Keep the code modular so the same game can later support 3 choices or harder levels.

Goal:
Create a simple, multilingual flag-matching game for 3+ years where the child connects a country name in text and sound with the correct flag from 2 options.