In the flag games, many of the flag images are incorrect and need to be fixed.

Please audit and correct all flag assets and mappings used in the app.

What needs to happen:

Review every country in the flag game dataset.

Check that each countryName is matched to the correct flag image.

Replace any incorrect, swapped, duplicated, distorted, low-quality, or placeholder flag images.

Make sure the same country always uses the same correct flag everywhere in the app.

Important implementation requirements:

Use a reliable flag source instead of manually mixed images.

Prefer a consistent SVG-based source so flags render sharply across screen sizes.

Use ISO country codes where possible to reduce mapping errors.

Store each flag with a clean structure like:
```js
{
countryName: "France",
countryCode: "FR",
flagImage: "correct-source-url-or-local-svg"
}
```

Refactor the current dataset if needed so the country name, ISO code, and flag asset are always linked correctly.

Recommended approach:

Replace the current flag images with a trusted and consistent source such as an SVG country flag library or a verified flag dataset.

Validate each country mapping before rendering it in the game.

Make sure there are no mismatches like a country showing another country’s flag.

UI requirements:

Keep the existing game UI and visual style unchanged.

Only fix the flag data and rendering quality.

Preserve the age-based gameplay logic already implemented.

Quality checks to perform:

No wrong country-to-flag pairings.

No duplicate flags assigned to different countries unless intentionally shared.

No blurry raster images if SVG is available.

No stretched or cropped flags.

Preserve correct aspect ratios.

Suggested libraries / sources:

Use a reliable SVG flag library such as flag-icons or another verified ISO-based flag dataset.

If the current implementation is using custom assets, replace them with a standardized source and update all references consistently.

Final result:

All flags in the game should be visually correct, consistently sourced, and correctly mapped to the right country names.